Bryant Park

Art Cart:

Arrange an office get-together or birthday party with an artistic twist. The Art Cart is available for party rentals and special events. Instruction and other add-ons can be arranged. 

Afterward, celebrate with drinks and no-wait entry at Manhattan’s hottest after-work scenes, Bryant Park Café and The Porch.

If you need more information, or have special requests for your party, we are here to help. Email your inquiries to celebrate@bryantpark.org.



Park Tours:

Join us for an enjoyable walking tour of Bryant Park, and discover how Bryant Park Corporation successfully transformed a haven for crime and drugs into Manhattan’s Town Square . Our guides are loaded with expertise on the park’s rich history, award-winning design, distinct amenities, and ongoing maintenance efforts.

Tours are held every Wednesday, year-round (weather permitting), and last approximately 45 minutes. They depart promptly at 10am from the Josephine Shaw Lowell Memorial Fountain, near 41st Street and Sixth Avenue.



Broadway in Bryant Park:

The most popular shows on and off Broadway perform their biggest hits in the park. Join hundreds of fans on the lawn and enjoy favorite Broadway tunes for lunchtime performances in July.

This season will feature Tony Award-winning productions, such as "SIX: The Musical" and "Moulin Rouge! The Musical," and Broadway fan favorites including "Kimberly Akimbo," "Shucked" and "& Juliet".

Hosted and presented by LiteFM.


Dance Party:

A midtown tradition since 2014, Dance Party returns to Bryant Park this summer! Now entering into its tenth year, the beloved series offers park goers in-person dance events in a variety of styles throughout the first three weeks of May. Each of the six free programs of dance instruction, live music, and social dance are open to all to attend with no reservations or waiting list. Just walk up and join the party!

This year's Dance Party series showcases New York City's signature brand of Salsa and R&B with Uptown Royalty (5/1); hits from Disco’s golden era from The Disco Nights (5/2); Bachata Tradicional with Bachata sensation Judy Santos (5/8); Lindy Hop from award-winning vocalist and bandleader Charles Turner & Uptown Swing (5/9); a night of Motown-inspired dance music from KD Browne (5/15); and a four-hour closing night with Latin Festival, featuring four different dance genres – Charanga, Cuban Salsa, Cha Cha Cha, and Salsa Dura – with the help of two legendary Latin dance bands, La Charanga Pacha and ﻿Jimmy Bosch Salsa Masters (5/16).


Reading Room:

